alright so this is my pork job this is a
head up at f-22 be one this is my first
time doing it so I mean I did my
research and looked up a lot of stuff
this is kind of the video to help some
of you guys out there if you guys wanted
to do it yourself at your house I'm
getting new valves a new seat so I mean
you don't really want to grind away at
the seats but if forget new ones not
really going to hurt too much so here's
what I used have a dremel with the
speeds of 5 to 30 a couple of grinding
bits you want to use the older ones as
you can see it's were down and I'm going
to show you how to get all that cleaning
stuff up so there's that you want to
this is the little wool type stuff it's
an abrasive buff that I got these are
some finer ones for the exhaust side and
polishing gives this a real nice smooth
finish so a couple of get things there I
you company's a Sharpie to show you guys
highlight the areas where you want to
take away and really help you guys on
the video part but if you don't know
what you're taking away i recommend
don't do this so there's other parts
camshaft i'm going to clean but for the
most part this stuff spreads everywhere
it's like going over the place all the
little aluminum pieces so make sure you
guys cover everything you got don't have
much space like in my case so all right
you want to take your bit right here you
want to put it safe once you get a lot
of build up like that you want to clean
it off on a put it on a high speed and
just grind ate it up on some steel clean
all that off
because you kind of see it's a lot
better the litter I'm being softer you
don't want to really get into it too
much so make sure you do that kind of on
a regular basis all right in here if you
can see let me get my light arms
in here you can see these grooves right
here it's just like a little bit of a
manufacturer defect or whatever you want
to call it but you want to clean all
that up inside make sure this is the
intake side for the beginners or whatnot
in here you can see real sharp metal not
sharp but like fast cut you want to get
rid of that make a nice smooth flow so
right here you want to grind this away I
start a little bit but you want to grind
all this away in here you want to take
this all this stuff out now port and
polished job inside YouTube important
polish doesn't mean you take away and
just grind everything down you
don't want to do that people who do that
retarded you also want to take your time
I cannot stress enough how much time you
need there's a guy that read on a thread
did in 25 minutes you're retarded you
want just take your time this is your
head of course and you want it to treat
you well so treat it well so here's the
grind a bit I'm putting it on three
about 15 put on 13 so we're going to
take it
I'm not going to record this whole thing
because of course to be here forever but
you can already see it's being grinded
down its take like I said it takes time
so just rub your finger across it should
be smooth once you're done it will look
real good nice and cleaned up like that
right there and then another quick part
that I'll show you on the grinding
portion it's right here in the
combustion chamber you can see stock it
comes nice you don't want I don't want
this sharp edge right here you want to
get out get smooth like that so i'll
take another video show